content/en/about.md, before:

---
title: "About Me"
url: "/en/about/"
summary: "Learn more about my background, interests, and what I'm working on."
---

## Hi, I'm [Your Name]

I'm a [year] student studying [major] at [university]. I'm passionate about [your interests] and love building things that solve real problems.

### What I'm Learning

- **Programming Languages:** Python, JavaScript, Java
- **Technologies:** React, Node.js, Git, Docker
- **Currently Exploring:** Cloud computing, machine learning, web development

### Background

I got into programming [brief story about how you started]. Since then, I've been working on various projects ranging from [type of projects] to [other types].

### Why This Site?

I created this site to:
- Document what I'm learning
- Share projects I'm proud of
- Practice writing and communication
- Build a portfolio for internships and jobs

### Beyond Code

When I'm not coding, you'll find me [hobbies/interests]. I believe in [values or principles you care about].

### Let's Connect

I'm always interested in connecting with other students, developers, and anyone working on interesting problems. Feel free to reach out via [email](mailto:your.email@example.com) or connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/yourprofile).

---

*Last updated: [Current Month Year]*

Commit message:

Revise about page with personal and professional details
Updated personal information and background details in the about page.

content/en/about.md, after:

---
title: "About Me"
url: "/en/about/"
summary: "Learn more about my background, interests, and what I'm working on."
---

## Hi, I'm Andres Mauricio Guerrero

I'm a Bachelor Student of Economic Science studying at Universidad de Los Andes. I'm passionate about the intersection of data analysis, business strategy, price forecasting, and structured problem-solving, among others.

### What I'm Learning & Using

- **Programming & Software:** Python, R, STATA, and Excel
- **Data Sources & Tools:** Bloomberg, Capital IQ, and World Bank Databases
- **Analytical Skills:** Econometric & causal analysis (such as OLS, IV strategies, and panel data models), alongside EDA, regression modeling, and forecasting
- **Currently Exploring:** Machine Learning basics and data extraction via APIs

### The Power of Economics

What excites me most about economics is the ability to identify causal effects and quantify problems and human behaviors that usually evade exact scientific analysis. 

This analytical mindset doesn't just stay in the classroom; I actively apply it to real-world challenges. While pursuing my degree, I completed a Diploma in Entrepreneurship and put that theory into practice by founding First Global Frontier. Running this venture between 2023 and 2024 was a crash course in building business strategy and handling financial planning, all while navigating cross-cultural negotiations in English. I also enjoy testing my problem-solving abilities in high-stakes environments, which recently led me to the final round of the Crack the Case 2025 consulting competition—an experience that truly sharpened my financial modeling and strategic communication skills.

### Why This Site?

I created this site to:
- Document my econometric and quantitative analysis projects
- Share insights on business strategy and entrepreneurship
- Practice my communication skills
- Build a strong portfolio for consulting and data-driven roles

### Beyond Economics

When I'm not analyzing data, sports are my main focus. I dedicate around an hour and a half every day to physical activity, and I occasionally compete in futsal tournaments. I also value adaptability, learning agility, and teamwork—skills I honed during a decade of volunteering with the Scouts International Organization. 

### Let's Connect

I'm always interested in connecting with other students, professionals, and anyone working on interesting strategic problems. Feel free to reach out via [email](mailto:am.guerreroa@uniandes.edu.co) or connect with me on [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andresmauricioguerrero/).

---

*Last updated: February 2026*
