content/en/now.md, before:

---
title: "What I'm Doing Now"
url: "/en/now/"
summary: "A snapshot of what I'm currently focused on."
---

*This is a [now page](https://nownownow.com/about), inspired by Derek Sivers. It's a living document of what I'm currently focused on.*

## Current Focus (Updated [Month Year])

### 🎓 Academics
- Taking [Course Name] and learning about [topic]
- Working on [specific project or assignment]
- Preparing for [exam/presentation/etc]

### 💻 Projects
- Building [project name]: [one-line description]
- Contributing to [open source project or team project]
- Experimenting with [new technology or framework]

### 📚 Learning
- Reading: [Book title] by [Author]
- Online course: [Course name] on [Platform]
- Exploring: [New technology, language, or concept]

### 🎯 Goals This Semester
- [ ] Complete [specific goal]
- [ ] Publish [number] blog posts
- [ ] Apply to [number] internships
- [ ] Learn [specific skill or technology]

### 🌱 Personal
- [Hobby or personal project]
- [Fitness/health goal]
- [Social or community involvement]

---

*Last updated: [Current Date]*

*Previous updates: [Link to archived now pages if you keep them]*

Commit message:

Revise now page with current activities and goals
Updated current focus, projects, learning, goals, and personal sections with specific details and dates.

content/en/now.md, after:

---
title: "What I'm Doing Now"
url: "/en/now/"
summary: "A snapshot of what I'm currently focused on."
---

This is a [now page](https://nownownow.com/about), inspired by Derek Sivers. It's a living document of what I'm currently focused on in my career and life.*

## Current Focus (Updated February 2026)

### 🎓 Academics
- Completing my final year of my Bachelor of Economic Science at Universidad de los Andes.
- Diving deep into data and finance through my current electives: 
  - *Applied Data Science and Econometrics*
  - *Artificial Intelligence Applied to Economics*
  - *Investment Portfolios*
  - *Financial Supervision and Regulation*

### 💻 Projects
- [cite_start]**Macro Forecasting Challenge:** Competing in a national tournament organized by Banco de Occidente and Occieconómicas[cite: 34, 35, 36]. [cite_start]I am developing predictive models to forecast 10 key Colombian and international variables, including inflation, the USD exchange rate (TRM), the central bank's monetary policy rate, and the S&P500[cite: 39, 46, 48, 51, 54]. [cite_start]My goal is to minimize the relative error against observed data across three submission rounds to secure a summer internship at their Trading Desk[cite: 76, 87, 92].
- **Portfolio:** Setting up and customizing this multilingual personal website using Hugo and GitHub Actions.

### 📚 Learning
- **Reading:** *Superforecasting: The Art and Science of Prediction* by Philip E. Tetlock (Highly relevant to my current forecasting competitions!).
- **Exploring:** Expanding my technical toolkit by applying Machine Learning fundamentals to real-world economic scenarios from my classes.

### 🎯 Goals This Semester
- [ ] Win the Banco de Occidente Challenge by optimizing my econometric forecasting models.
- [ ] Secure an internship or entry-level role in economic consulting or data analysis.
- [ ] Publish at least two data-driven articles or project breakdowns on this site.

### 🌱 Personal
- **Sports & Fitness:** Dedicating about 1.5 hours daily to physical activity and competing in local futsal tournaments.

---

*Last updated: February 21, 2026*
